hey what's going on guys it's almost
here and I have an awesome GTA 5 video
to show you guys today now in today's
video actually wanted to inform you guys
that okay so obviously in the past
people were like thinking they were the
shit because they had these two specific
cars and these cars are all one of them
was Michaels Audi and the other one was
Franklin's Buffalo well I'm sorry to
burst your bubble but and the new update
you're allowed to buy them and they're
actually pretty damn expensive it's
really retarded it's but I don't know
why this one's so expensive it's not
even fast it looks cool and you can do a
lot of customizations to it but it's not
fast like the tailgater is not a fast
car Franklin's Buffalo I can see why
it's close to a hundred grand because
it's a nice ass looking charger and it
looks like the new 2000 looks like a
2013 charger 2012 charger and it's
really fast like it's probably the
second or third fastest muscle car in
the game so that the price does it
justice price doesn't do it justice on
this car anyway I just thought I might
tell you that guys that because it said
these two cars are used to be the
legendary like even an even in the one
point 13 update these two were kind of
legendary because there's no way to get
them they were super rare you could
never find them on the street you had to
do the whole single player 2 multiplayer
glitches I decide on my inform you guys
that Rockstar decided to finally wising
the fuck up and put it in the southern
San Andreas for you to purchase which is
awesome they're finally listening to us
I'm glad to hear that rockstar is
listening to us like we can talk to them
and they will actually fucking respond
and care about what we say anyway those
aren't the only two cars they added they
also added um they also added the a
bunch of other car split they're not of
interest like they're not important like
they added the El Camino if i can find
that i had that in the previous update
because you couldn't buy it and they
were super hard to find but now you can
buy the el camino for the caterer
whatever you want to call it and so yeah
just thought i might tell you guys about
that and that'd be awesome if you like
the video and maybe even subscribe for
more daily GTA 5 content with that being
said I'll see you guys later